# Responsive sans

So far, I have sunk seven years into my attempt to understand medicine. Six in the libraries and lecture theatres and now one on the shop floor. To show for this I have a certificate to practice, a few polyester gowns, and several thousand pages of notes. Meticulous, exhaustive notes from the first year and half with laboriously hand drawn graphs. Scrawled scraps of essay plans from the terrible eighteen months that followed. In my first clinical year I used 80-page pocket notebooks in an attempt to glean whatever I could from the consultant's musings on the ward round; indecipherable 'nuggets' written while hurrying along corridors. In fifth year I moved to my laptop. The fragmented course was nothing compared to my chopping-and-changing with notetaking software: a year's output lost. For Finals I followed the sea of laptop screens in the tense and packed out lectures and used OneNote. It worked excellently, although now that I no longer have university access my hold over my notes is increasingly tenuous. Six years of learning and writing about everys facet of medicine from the ion channel to sarcoidosis and only a tiny fraction is accessible and usable.

Since graduating, I've written everything in Markdown and spent whole days reading about Zettelkasten and Evergreen Notes. I've designed websites to house my notes and created a simple static site builder. I've written tiny, atomized notes each outlining a new concept or idea that I'd had and I've written exhaustive summaries of important conditions. My notes are now portable and can be accessed from a hospital PC but remain neither usable nor useful. I've spent too much time on metadata and theory; going from a quick note to something usable is too cumbersome, so polishing immediately fell behind naive note creation. A distinct, concerted effort to make my notes more than the sum of their parts and I again am presented with a jumble of tidbits in a heap.

Compared to the serif, fusty designs that have preceded it, this is a blinding blank slate. I'm always surprised that there's no obvious template for a simple, half-decently responsive web page which doesn't require a bloated framework or npm or an obnoxious html design. For myself at least, this will be that template. No opinionated nest of divs around the main body. Atomized navigation bars and any other additional features which can easily and obviously removed or reused. This will likely remain a (slightly more than) minimum viable product rather than a polished and perfected template for publishing on Hacker News; I've spent enough time already polishing 'tools' when I should have been doing real work.

Here's to the real work. It's worth doing well.

Bury St. Edmunds, September 2021.
